androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/startup/R.java
 androidx.startup.R
 androidx.startup.R$string
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/facebook/common/R.java
 com.facebook.common.R
 com.facebook.common.R$anim
 com.facebook.common.R$animator
 com.facebook.common.R$attr
 com.facebook.common.R$bool
 com.facebook.common.R$color
 com.facebook.common.R$dimen
 com.facebook.common.R$drawable
 com.facebook.common.R$id
 com.facebook.common.R$integer
 com.facebook.common.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.common.R$layout
 com.facebook.common.R$string
 com.facebook.common.R$style
 com.facebook.common.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$animator
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
 androidx.savedstate.R$id
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/facebook/core/R.java
 com.facebook.core.R
 com.facebook.core.R$attr
 com.facebook.core.R$color
 com.facebook.core.R$dimen
 com.facebook.core.R$drawable
 com.facebook.core.R$id
 com.facebook.core.R$integer
 com.facebook.core.R$layout
 com.facebook.core.R$string
 com.facebook.core.R$style
 com.facebook.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/google/android/gms/maps/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
name/avioli/unilinks/R.java
 name.avioli.unilinks.R
 name.avioli.unilinks.R$attr
 name.avioli.unilinks.R$color
 name.avioli.unilinks.R$dimen
 name.avioli.unilinks.R$drawable
 name.avioli.unilinks.R$id
 name.avioli.unilinks.R$integer
 name.avioli.unilinks.R$layout
 name.avioli.unilinks.R$string
 name.avioli.unilinks.R$style
 name.avioli.unilinks.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/installations/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$styleable
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
bsi/iceman/searchable_dropdown/R.java
 bsi.iceman.searchable_dropdown.R
 bsi.iceman.searchable_dropdown.R$attr
 bsi.iceman.searchable_dropdown.R$color
 bsi.iceman.searchable_dropdown.R$dimen
 bsi.iceman.searchable_dropdown.R$drawable
 bsi.iceman.searchable_dropdown.R$id
 bsi.iceman.searchable_dropdown.R$integer
 bsi.iceman.searchable_dropdown.R$layout
 bsi.iceman.searchable_dropdown.R$string
 bsi.iceman.searchable_dropdown.R$style
 bsi.iceman.searchable_dropdown.R$styleable
com/maru/twitter_login/R.java
 com.maru.twitter_login.R
 com.maru.twitter_login.R$attr
 com.maru.twitter_login.R$color
 com.maru.twitter_login.R$dimen
 com.maru.twitter_login.R$drawable
 com.maru.twitter_login.R$id
 com.maru.twitter_login.R$integer
 com.maru.twitter_login.R$layout
 com.maru.twitter_login.R$string
 com.maru.twitter_login.R$style
 com.maru.twitter_login.R$styleable
 com.maru.twitter_login.R$xml
io/flutter/plugins/deviceinfo/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$styleable
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
androidx/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.core.ktx.R
io/flutter/plugins/webviewflutter/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
io/flutter/plugins/share/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$styleable
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$xml
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
com/onesignal/R.java
 com.onesignal.R
 com.onesignal.R$anim
 com.onesignal.R$animator
 com.onesignal.R$attr
 com.onesignal.R$bool
 com.onesignal.R$color
 com.onesignal.R$dimen
 com.onesignal.R$drawable
 com.onesignal.R$id
 com.onesignal.R$integer
 com.onesignal.R$interpolator
 com.onesignal.R$layout
 com.onesignal.R$raw
 com.onesignal.R$string
 com.onesignal.R$style
 com.onesignal.R$styleable
 com.onesignal.R$xml
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/media2/common/R.java
 androidx.media2.common.R
 androidx.media2.common.R$attr
 androidx.media2.common.R$color
 androidx.media2.common.R$dimen
 androidx.media2.common.R$drawable
 androidx.media2.common.R$id
 androidx.media2.common.R$integer
 androidx.media2.common.R$layout
 androidx.media2.common.R$string
 androidx.media2.common.R$style
 androidx.media2.common.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
androidx/media2/session/R.java
 androidx.media2.session.R
 androidx.media2.session.R$attr
 androidx.media2.session.R$color
 androidx.media2.session.R$dimen
 androidx.media2.session.R$drawable
 androidx.media2.session.R$id
 androidx.media2.session.R$integer
 androidx.media2.session.R$layout
 androidx.media2.session.R$string
 androidx.media2.session.R$style
 androidx.media2.session.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
app/meedu/flutter_facebook_auth/R.java
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$anim
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$animator
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$attr
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$bool
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$color
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$dimen
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$drawable
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$id
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$integer
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$interpolator
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$layout
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$string
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$style
 app.meedu.flutter_facebook_auth.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/cloudmessaging/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.cloudmessaging.R
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
androidx/lifecycle/runtime/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R$id
io/flutter/plugins/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
androidx/sqlite/db/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.R
androidx/work/R.java
 androidx.work.R
 androidx.work.R$bool
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
com/lyokone/location/R.java
 com.lyokone.location.R
 com.lyokone.location.R$attr
 com.lyokone.location.R$color
 com.lyokone.location.R$dimen
 com.lyokone.location.R$drawable
 com.lyokone.location.R$id
 com.lyokone.location.R$integer
 com.lyokone.location.R$layout
 com.lyokone.location.R$string
 com.lyokone.location.R$style
 com.lyokone.location.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/service/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.service.R
com/icati/icati_app/Manifest.java
 com.icati.icati_app.Manifest
 com.icati.icati_app.Manifest$permission
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/core/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/google/firebase/dynamiclinks/R.java
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$color
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$id
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$string
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$style
 com.google.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$styleable
creativemaybeno/wakelock/R.java
 creativemaybeno.wakelock.R
 creativemaybeno.wakelock.R$attr
 creativemaybeno.wakelock.R$color
 creativemaybeno.wakelock.R$dimen
 creativemaybeno.wakelock.R$drawable
 creativemaybeno.wakelock.R$id
 creativemaybeno.wakelock.R$integer
 creativemaybeno.wakelock.R$layout
 creativemaybeno.wakelock.R$string
 creativemaybeno.wakelock.R$style
 creativemaybeno.wakelock.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebaseanalytics/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseanalytics.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/auth/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$styleable
com/facebook/login/R.java
 com.facebook.login.R
 com.facebook.login.R$anim
 com.facebook.login.R$animator
 com.facebook.login.R$attr
 com.facebook.login.R$bool
 com.facebook.login.R$color
 com.facebook.login.R$dimen
 com.facebook.login.R$drawable
 com.facebook.login.R$id
 com.facebook.login.R$integer
 com.facebook.login.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.login.R$layout
 com.facebook.login.R$string
 com.facebook.login.R$style
 com.facebook.login.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
androidx/browser/R.java
 androidx.browser.R
 androidx.browser.R$attr
 androidx.browser.R$color
 androidx.browser.R$dimen
 androidx.browser.R$drawable
 androidx.browser.R$id
 androidx.browser.R$integer
 androidx.browser.R$layout
 androidx.browser.R$string
 androidx.browser.R$style
 androidx.browser.R$styleable
 androidx.browser.R$xml
com/google/firebase/installations/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$styleable
androidx/webkit/R.java
 androidx.webkit.R
 androidx.webkit.R$attr
 androidx.webkit.R$color
 androidx.webkit.R$dimen
 androidx.webkit.R$drawable
 androidx.webkit.R$id
 androidx.webkit.R$integer
 androidx.webkit.R$layout
 androidx.webkit.R$string
 androidx.webkit.R$style
 androidx.webkit.R$styleable
com/tekartik/sqflite/R.java
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$attr
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$color
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$dimen
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$drawable
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$id
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$integer
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$layout
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$string
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$style
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R$id
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
io/flutter/plugins/sharedpreferences/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$styleable
com/google/android/datatransport/backend/cct/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.backend.cct.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/source/smoothstreaming/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/googlesignin/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
com/baseflow/permissionhandler/R.java
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$attr
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$color
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$dimen
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$drawable
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$id
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$integer
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$layout
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$string
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$style
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/googlemaps/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$styleable
com/onesignal/flutter/R.java
 com.onesignal.flutter.R
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$anim
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$animator
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$attr
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$bool
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$color
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$dimen
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$drawable
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$id
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$integer
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$interpolator
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$layout
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$raw
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$string
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$style
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$styleable
 com.onesignal.flutter.R$xml
com/ryanheise/just_audio/R.java
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$attr
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$color
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$dimen
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$drawable
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$id
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$integer
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$layout
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$string
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$style
 com.ryanheise.just_audio.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/auth/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.R
io/flutter/plugins/urllauncher/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/google/android/exoplayer2/source/dash/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R
io/flutter/plugins/videoplayer/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/android/installreferrer/R.java
 com.android.installreferrer.R
com/ryanheise/audio_session/R.java
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$attr
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$color
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$dimen
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$drawable
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$id
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$integer
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$layout
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$string
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$style
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$styleable
com/aboutyou/dart_packages/sign_in_with_apple/R.java
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$attr
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$color
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$dimen
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$drawable
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$id
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$integer
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$layout
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$string
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$style
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$styleable
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$xml
androidx/sqlite/db/framework/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.framework.R
io/flutter/plugins/flutterexifrotation/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.flutterexifrotation.R
 io.flutter.plugins.flutterexifrotation.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.flutterexifrotation.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.flutterexifrotation.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.flutterexifrotation.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.flutterexifrotation.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.flutterexifrotation.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.flutterexifrotation.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.flutterexifrotation.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.flutterexifrotation.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.flutterexifrotation.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/dynamiclinks/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.dynamiclinks.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.dynamiclinks.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R$id
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/safetynet/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.safetynet.R
io/flutter/plugins/pathprovider/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$styleable
com/icati/icati_app/R.java
 com.icati.icati_app.R
 com.icati.icati_app.R$anim
 com.icati.icati_app.R$animator
 com.icati.icati_app.R$attr
 com.icati.icati_app.R$bool
 com.icati.icati_app.R$color
 com.icati.icati_app.R$dimen
 com.icati.icati_app.R$drawable
 com.icati.icati_app.R$id
 com.icati.icati_app.R$integer
 com.icati.icati_app.R$interpolator
 com.icati.icati_app.R$layout
 com.icati.icati_app.R$mipmap
 com.icati.icati_app.R$raw
 com.icati.icati_app.R$string
 com.icati.icati_app.R$style
 com.icati.icati_app.R$styleable
 com.icati.icati_app.R$xml
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
com/google/android/exoplayer2/extractor/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.extractor.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/core/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/google/android/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.R
com/google/android/datatransport/runtime/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.R
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
com/icati/icati_app/BuildConfig.java
 com.icati.icati_app.BuildConfig
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$styleable
io/github/ponnamkarthik/toast/fluttertoast/R.java
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$attr
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$color
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$dimen
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$drawable
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$id
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$integer
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$layout
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$string
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$style
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/mr/flutter/plugin/filepicker/R.java
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$attr
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$color
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$dimen
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$drawable
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$id
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$integer
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$layout
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$string
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$style
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$styleable
xyz/luan/audioplayers/R.java
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$attr
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$color
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$dimen
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$drawable
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$id
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$integer
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$layout
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$string
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$style
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$styleable
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/source/hls/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R
com/google/firebase/encoders/json/R.java
 com.google.firebase.encoders.json.R
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
io/flutter/plugins/imagepicker/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$styleable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$xml
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$color
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$id
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$string
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$style
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/common/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.common.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
androidx/room/R.java
 androidx.room.R
